Saje Sanctuary
for the
Our goal is to provide a platform that models authenticity, integrity and the highest forms of energy while working alongside our community to heal, awaken and remember our connection to the earth, each other, and our
inherent divinity
.
Begin Your Journey
Enjoy a variety of
energetic, esoteric
and
spiritually
empowering
modalities offered to help guide and usher you into your highest purpose in this incarnation.
Discover
The
Akashic Records
The Akashic Records
or
The Souls Records
are an etheric Library of Information that contains knowledge and intelligence about every sentient being in the universe. It contains all the soul’s lifetimes, origins, emotions and past. Your Akashic Record is the divine knowing of the entire experience of your soul.
Learn more about The Akashic Records
Discover
Energetics & Chakras
The physical, emotional and spiritual health of your body is dependent on free flowing energy within the body.
The chakras are the passageway for that energy to flow within your avatar. The 7 chakras are the 7 wheels of energy in our body.  These energy centers are located at specific points ranging from the feet to the top of the skull. Many esoteric experts include additional chakras, which extend beyond the physical body into the human auric field- also known as our aura.
Learn more about Energy & Chakras
Discover
Magdalene Reiki
encompasses a lost knowledge of folkloric feminine healing and channels the consciousness of spiritual traditions that originated in the sacred temples of the Goddess.
Magdalene Reiki is a healing modality based on the principles of sacred channeled energy by means of touch, visualization, meditation, intention and attention. You become a vessel of the divine and are a conduit of energies that activate the natural healing and revealing processes of the body to restore physical, emotional and spiritual vibrancy.
Learn more about Magdalene Reiki
Discover
Herbal Healing
Herbal Knowledge
that was once common in every household is now a rare commodity. But times are changing, and the call to return to our roots is being heard by more and more of us. Anyone interested in alternative medicine and botanical curatives can utilize plant-based medicines that offer many healing possibilities for the body, mind, and spirit. By crafting herbal teas, tinctures, compresses, salves, and more we can take control of our health in a holistic and organic way.
Learn more about Herbal Healing
Discover
Sound Healing
Sound Baths
are an ancient form of deep meditation that includes various ambient sounds played live. A sound bath uses a variety of different traditional crystal bowls, gemstone bowls, cymbals, chimes and other instruments to guide you into an immersive experience in sound frequency that helps to cleanse the soul. A Sound Bath is a deeply-immersive, full-body listening meditative experience that intentionally uses sound to invite gentle yet powerful therapeutic and restorative processes to nurture the mind and body.
Learn more about Sound Healing
Discover
The Tarot
A Tarot Deck
a classic set of 78 cards that fall under the category of major and minor arcana. From there, the cards are divided into four suits (Wands, Cups, Swords, and Pentacles). Tarot cards are studied and interpreted by readers, primarily to speak to a person’s life story; perceived past, present and future. Oracle and Tarot readings can help you gain clarity and connection to an answer that you’re seeking while helping you remember that the answers are always within you.
Learn more about The Tarot
Discover
Astrology
Your Astrological Birth Chart
is a personal roadmap which illuminates your calling, so you can unlock your full potential. At the exact time of your birth, the planetary alignment tells a story about who you are and who you are destined to become. Your chart tells the story of your life – past, present and future – and the significant moments that will help guide you. You’ll gain insight into the natural propensities, environmental conditions and major life cycles that influence the person you are meant to be.
Learn more about Astrology