Breathwork
← Back to Offerings
Learn to utilize your
breath
as a meditative tool to explore your inner divine.
Breathwork
is a form of meditation that uses accelerated breathing to achieve alternative and elevated states of consciousness. This altered state allows the practitioner to explore their inner realm of consciousness and achieve healing.
How Does It Work?
We breathe all day, every day. In fact, research indicates that we take 12-20 breaths per minute.
But, most of us would admit that we don’t pay much attention to our breathing even though it is essential to our very existence. In breathwork meditation, we can deep dive into our very own existence just by using our breath and mindfulness.
The goal of breathwork meditation is to disrupt the egoic patterning by breathing in a specific way. This method of breathing saturates the cells with oxygen, which creates heightened physical, mental and energetic responses.
Breathwork sessions are led by a qualified guide who walks participants through the experience; learning how to focus on breathing with the diaphragm and abdominal muscles incorporating deeper breaths instead of our normal shallow breathing patterns.
This method of structured breathing impacts the way that oxygen is delivered throughout your body, including to your brain. This is what triggers the altered state of consciousness, which many describe as an elevated, sometime out of body  experience.
Breathwork benefits and impacts the whole body and the wide variety of benefits to practicing breathwork have the capacity to radically evolve your physical, spiritual, emotional and mental being.
The method of breathing practiced will slow down your heart rate and blood pressure and deliver oxygen to every system of the body: the nervous system, the lymphatic system, the cardiovascular system, and the digestive system. Changing the way oxygen is delivered to these systems, even briefly, can have an incredibly liberating effect.
Breathwork is appropriate for anyone and can be done individually or in a group.  In a group of people practicing breathwork, it is not unusual to hear others laugh, cry, or even fall into a deep sleep. Some will even describe the sensation as orgasmic!
Experience your breath like never before with a breathwork event at Saje Sanctuary!
Book a Breathwork Session
View our
Breathwork
Practitioners:
Summary Block
This block has no content yet. Items you add to the page connected to this block will display here.